* Projects
Here is the list of projects I want to do and invest time to them:

- Recipie
  - Make my first music album
  - Improve my diet without cooking or food knowledge
  - Increase my weight from 45kg to 55kg
  - Zettelkasten
- Make videogame
- Learn music foundations
- Waybar pomodoro
- Journey
- Hilfe
- Learn programming foundations

** Recipie
Recipes application with the ability to calculate quantities and to make groceries list base on recipes selections and lists

- Make a backlog with the core features and ideas of the application
- Create mockups of the application
- Select tech stack and target of app - web/movil/wpa?
- Select infraestructure
- Create api with base auth
- Make CI/CD pipelines for frontend and backend
- Make mvp (minimo producto viable)
- Ask for feedback
- Decide to stop the project or continue

** Make my first music album
Creating a music album without any experience in music can be a challenging task, but it is not impossible. Here are some steps that you can follow to create a music album:

1. *Learn the basics of music*: Before creating your music album, you need to have some knowledge about music. You can start by learning music theory, such as notes, chords, scales, and rhythm.
2. *Choose a music genre*: Choose a music genre that you like and that you feel comfortable creating music in. Some popular music genres include rock, pop, jazz, and hip-hop.
3. *Create a concept for your album*: Think about the theme or concept that you want your music album to have. This will help you to create a cohesive album that tells a story or delivers a message.
4. *Choose your instruments*: Decide which musical instruments you want to include in your music and learn how to play them. You can use a digital audio workstation (DAW) software to create music electronically if you don't have access to physical instruments.
5. *Write and record your songs*: Start writing songs based on your music genre and concept. After writing your songs, it's time to record them. You can either record them yourself or hire a professional to help you.
6. *Mix and master your songs*: After recording your songs, mix and master them to create a polished and professional sound. Mixing involves adjusting the levels and adding effects to your tracks, while mastering involves preparing the final tracks for distribution.
7. *Distribute and promote your album*: Once your music album is complete, it's time to distribute and promote it. You can upload your album to streaming platforms like Spotify or iTunes, or sell physical copies of your album. You can also promote your album on social media and perform live shows to gain more exposure.

Creating a music album takes time and effort, but with dedication and practice, anyone can create a great album even without prior music experience.

** Improve my diet 
   Steps to improve your diet without having any experience with cooking or food knowledge:

1. Start by educating yourself about the basics of nutrition, such as the food groups and their health benefits, portion control, and the importance of hydration. You can find plenty of resources online, such as nutrition blogs and websites.
   - macronutrients (carbohydrates, protein, fat) and micronutrients (vitamins and minerals)
2. Plan your meals in advance to ensure that you're getting a balanced diet. This will also help you avoid the temptation of unhealthy takeaway foods.
3. Make small changes to your diet gradually. For example, start by replacing sugary drinks with water or herbal tea, and choose whole grain bread instead of white bread. You could also try swapping some of your favorite unhealthy snacks for healthier options, such as fruit or nuts.
4. Learn some basic cooking skills, such as how to chop vegetables and cook simple meals. You don't have to be a master chef to prepare healthy, nutritious meals. There are plenty of beginner-friendly cookbooks and online recipes that can help you get started.
5. Experiment with different flavors and ingredients to keep your meals interesting and enjoyable. Don't be afraid to try new things, and remember that healthy food doesn't have to be bland or boring.
6. Finally, be patient and kind to yourself. Changing your diet can take time and effort, but the rewards are well worth it. Celebrate your progress, and don't get discouraged by setbacks. With consistency and determination, you can improve your diet and your health.

** Increase my weight from 45kg to 55kg
   My journey to increase my weight

1. Calculate your daily caloric needs using a TDEE calculator
   {https://tdeecalculator.net/result.php?s=imperial&g=male&age=25&lbs=99&in=66&act=1.2&f=1}[TDEE Calcs]
2. Add 250-500 calories to your daily caloric needs to gain weight
3. Incorporate strength training into your workout routine at least 2-3 times per week. Focus on compound exercises like squats, deadlifts, and bench press.
4. Eat a diet rich in protein, carbohydrates, and healthy fats. Aim to consume 1-1.5 grams of protein per pound of bodyweight, and include plenty of complex carbohydrates like brown rice, sweet potatoes, and whole grain bread.
   {https://www.eatthismuch.com/}[Make diet base on calories]
5. Monitor your weight and adjust your caloric intake as needed. If you're not gaining weight at a rate of 0.5-1 pound per week, increase your caloric intake by 250-500 calories per day.

** Zettelkasten

- ( ) Read about the principles of Zettelkasten and note taking
- ( ) Decide on a notation system
- ( ) Create a structure for your notes
- ( ) Start taking notes and linking them together
- ( ) Regularly review and update your notes
- ( ) Experiment with different types of notes and connections
- ( ) Use your Zettelkasten actively to aid your thinking and writing

** Make a  videogame
Creating a video game involves several stages, including planning, design, development, testing, and marketing. Here's a step-by-step guide to help you get started:

1. Conceptualize your game idea:
   - Determine the genre (e.g., action, adventure, puzzle, etc.).
   - Identify the core gameplay mechanics and the target audience.
   - Outline the game's story, characters, and world.

2. Learn essential programming concepts:
   - Familiarize yourself with programming languages like C++, C#, and Python.
   - Learn about game engines such as Unity, Unreal Engine, or Godot.
   - Study important algorithms and data structures for game development.

3. Read books and resources:
   - "Game Engine Architecture" by Jason Gregory
   - "The Art of Game Design: A Book of Lenses" by Jesse Schell
   - "Mastering Unity 2D Game Development" by Simon Jackson
   - "Introduction to Game Design, Prototyping, and Development" by Jeremy Gibson Bond
   - Online resources like Gamasutra, Game Developer, and Unity Learn

4. Learn game design principles:
   - Study level design, pacing, and difficulty balancing.
   - Understand player psychology and motivation.
   - Explore visual and audio design to create an immersive experience.

5. Create a game design document (GDD):
   - Write a detailed description of your game, including story, characters, gameplay, art, and sound.
   - Include concept art, level designs, and user interface mockups.
   - Update the GDD regularly as your game evolves.

6. Assemble a development team (optional):
   - Find team members with complementary skills in programming, art, and sound design.
   - Establish clear roles and responsibilities for each team member.

7. Develop the game:
   - Break down the game into smaller tasks and milestones.
   - Use version control systems like Git to track changes and collaborate.
   - Implement core gameplay mechanics, user interface, and AI.
   - Create art assets, sound effects, and music.
   - Optimize performance and fix bugs.

8. Playtest and iterate:
   - Test your game regularly to identify bugs, usability issues, and gameplay problems.
   - Gather feedback from playtesters and incorporate it into your game.
   - Iterate on your design until you achieve the desired level of polish and balance.

9. Marketing and promotion:
   - Create a website, social media presence, and trailers for your game.
   - Reach out to influencers, streamers, and game journalists.
   - Attend game conferences and expos to showcase your game.

10. Launch and post-launch support:
   - Choose the right distribution platform (e.g., Steam, itch.io, console stores).
   - Set a release date and price for your game.
   - Provide post-launch support with updates, patches, and community engagement.
